### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. drug eras of 'Atypical Antipsychotics'; having at least 1 drug era of 'First-line anti-Depressants therapy', starting anytime on or before 'Atypical Antipsychotics' start date and ending  365 days before 'Atypical Antipsychotics' start date.

2. drug eras of 'First-line anti-Depressants therapy'; with all of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 3 distinct standard concepts from drug eras of 'First-line anti-Depressants therapy', starting anytime on or before 'First-line anti-Depressants therapy' start date and ending  365 days before 'First-line anti-Depressants therapy' start date.
   2. having at least 2 distinct standard concepts from drug eras of 'First-line anti-Depressants therapy', starting anytime prior to 'First-line anti-Depressants therapy' start date and ending  365 days before 'First-line anti-Depressants therapy' start date.


3. drug eras of 'esketamine'; having at least 2 distinct standard concepts from dose eras of 'First-line anti-Depressants therapy', starting anytime prior to 'esketamine' start date and ending  365 days before 'esketamine' start date.

Restrict entry events to having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Depressive disorder prevalent', starting between 365 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date.  

Limit these restricted entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No prior mania

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'CB_376 Mania', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date.

#### 2. No prior dementia

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Dementia (validated: Taylor, 2009)', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date.

#### 3. No prior psychosis

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'CB_376 Psychosis', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


