### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Type 2 diabetes mellitus (diabetes mellitus excluding T1DM and secondary)'.

2. drug exposures of 'Blood glucose lowering drugs, excluding insulin'.

3. measurements of 'Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) measurements', numeric value between 6.5 and 30; unit: "percent".

4. measurements of 'Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) measurements', numeric value between 48 and 99; unit: "millimole per mole".

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. no Type 1 diabetes mellitus diagnosis on or prior to T2DM

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 2. no secondary diabetes diagnosis on or prior to T2DM

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Secondary diabetes mellitus', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 3. has at least one diagnosis of T2DM on or within 365d of index date

Entry events having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Type 2 diabetes mellitus (diabetes mellitus excluding T1DM and secondary)', starting between 0 days before and 365 days after cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


