### Cohort Entry Events

People with continuous observation of 365 days before event may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. drug exposure of '[HowOften] GLP-1 receptor antagonists' for the first time in the person's history.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. nested in obesity

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 measurement of '[PL] BMI measurement', starting between 365 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; numeric value between 30 and 60.
   2. having at least 1 measurement of '[PL] Body weight', starting between 365 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; numeric value between 265 and 440; unit: "pound (us)".
   3. having at least 1 measurement of '[PL] Body weight', starting between 365 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; numeric value between 120 and 200; unit: "kilogram".
   4. having at least 1 condition occurrence of '[PL] Obesity diagnoses', starting between 365 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.
   5. having at least 1 observation of '[PL] Obesity diagnoses', starting between 365 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.


### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be based on a continuous exposure to '[HowOften] GLP-1 receptor antagonists':
allowing 90 days between exposures, adding 0 days after exposure ends, and using days supply and exposure end date for exposure duration.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


