### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Thrombotic microangiopathy or Microangiopathic hemolytic anemia'.

2. procedure occurrences of 'Treatment or investigation for TMA'; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Thrombotic microangiopathy or Microangiopathic hemolytic anemia', starting between 0 days after and 30 days after 'Treatment or investigation for TMA' start date.

3. drug exposures of 'Treatment or investigation for TMA'; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Thrombotic microangiopathy or Microangiopathic hemolytic anemia', starting between 0 days before and 30 days after 'Treatment or investigation for TMA' start date.

4. measurements of 'Treatment or investigation for TMA'; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Thrombotic microangiopathy or Microangiopathic hemolytic anemia', starting between 0 days before and 30 days after 'Treatment or investigation for TMA' start date.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No congenital or genetic thrombocytopenia

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Congenital or genetic causes for thrombocytopenia', starting anytime up to 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 2. No Platelet count > 150 on index date: Thrombocytopenia is a hallmark of this condition. Absence of thrombocytopenia makes this phenotype unlikely. Platelet count the lower limit of normal, i.e., 150000/microliter (for adults)the lower limit of normal, i.e., 150000/microliter (for adults)  

Entry events having no measurements of 'Platelet measurement', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 151 and 450; with value as concept: "thousand per microliter", "thousand per cubic millimeter", "billion per liter" or "million per milliliter".

Limit qualifying entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 7 days.
The person exits the cohort when encountering any of the following events:
1. measurements of 'Platelet measurement', numeric value between 151 and 450; unit: "thousand per microliter", "thousand per cubic millimeter", "billion per liter" or "million per milliliter".

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


