### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Angioedema or urticaria'.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Angioedema within 3 days  

Entry events having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Angioedema', starting between 0 days before and 3 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 2. Washout period 180 days

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Angioedema', starting in the 180 days prior to cohort entry start date.

#### 3. No Cardiac Edema

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Cardia edema', starting between 7 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 4. No Cellulitis

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Cellulits', starting between 7 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no observations of 'Cellulits', starting between 7 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date.


#### 5. No Erysipelas

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Erysipelas', starting between 7 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 6. No Dermatitis or Eczema

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Dermatitis or Eczema', starting between 7 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 7. No Lymphedema 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Lymphedema', starting between 7 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 8. No insect bites

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Insect bite or sting', starting between 7 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no observations of 'Insect bite or sting', starting between 7 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date.


### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 1 day.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


