### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Pancytopenia'.

2. measurements of 'Measurement of platelet, neutrophil, hemoglobin or hematocrit'; with at least 3 of the following criteria:


   1. with any of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 measurement of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', starting between 1 days before and 1 days after 'Measurement of platelet, neutrophil, hemoglobin or hematocrit' start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 0.01 and 1.499; unit: "billion per liter", "thousand per microliter", "million per milliliter", "thousand per cubic millimeter" or "billion cells per liter".
      2. having at least 1 measurement of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', starting between 1 days before and 1 days after 'Measurement of platelet, neutrophil, hemoglobin or hematocrit' start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 10 and 1,499; unit: "cells per microliter" or "per microliter".
      3. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Neutropenia, Agranulocytosis or Leukopenia', starting between 1 days before and 1 days after 'Measurement of platelet, neutrophil, hemoglobin or hematocrit' start date; allow events outside observation period.

   2. with any of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 measurement of 'Hemoglobin measurement', starting between 1 days before and 1 days after 'Measurement of platelet, neutrophil, hemoglobin or hematocrit' start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 4 and 11; unit: "g/dl", "gram per deciliter" or "gram per deciliter calculated".
      2. having at least 1 measurement of 'Hematocrit measurement', starting between 1 days before and 1 days after 'Measurement of platelet, neutrophil, hemoglobin or hematocrit' start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 5 and 30; unit: "percent".
      3. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Anemia or Reticulocytopenia', starting between 1 days before and 1 days after 'Measurement of platelet, neutrophil, hemoglobin or hematocrit' start date; allow events outside observation period.

   3. with any of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 measurement of 'Platelet measurement', starting between 1 days before and 1 days after 'Measurement of platelet, neutrophil, hemoglobin or hematocrit' start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 10 and 149; unit: "thousand per cubic millimeter", "thousand per microliter", "billion per liter", "million per milliliter" or "billion cells per liter".
      2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Thrombocytopenia', starting between 1 days before and 1 days after 'Measurement of platelet, neutrophil, hemoglobin or hematocrit' start date; allow events outside observation period.


### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No Congenital or Genetic Neutropenia, Leukopenia or Agranulocytosis

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Congenital or Genetic Neutropenia, Leukopenia or Agranulocytosis', starting anytime up to 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 2. No Congenital or Genetic anemia

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Congenital or Genetic anemia', starting anytime up to 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 3. No Congenital or Genetic Thrombocytopenia

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Congenital or Genetic Thrombocytopenia', starting anytime up to 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 60 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 365 days of each other.


