### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Sudden Hearing Loss'.

2. condition occurrences of 'Hearing loss '; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Corticosteroids systemic or topical', starting between 1 days before and 21 days after 'Hearing loss ' start date.
   2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Imaging of head area', starting between 1 days before and 21 days after 'Hearing loss ' start date.
   3. having at least 2 procedure occurrences of 'Hearing examination', starting between 1 days before and 21 days after 'Hearing loss ' start date.


3. observations of 'Hearing loss '; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Corticosteroids systemic or topical', starting between 1 days before and 21 days after 'Hearing loss ' start date.
   2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Imaging of head area', starting between 1 days before and 21 days after 'Hearing loss ' start date.
   3. having at least 2 procedure occurrences of 'Hearing examination', starting between 1 days after and 21 days after 'Hearing loss ' start date.


### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Washout - no prior hearing loss in 365 days prior

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Hearing loss ', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   2. having no observations of 'Hearing loss ', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.


#### 2. Not a congenital anomaly of hearing

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Congenital anomaly of ear with impairment of hearing'.

#### 3. Has no middle ear related disease

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Middle ear finding', starting anytime up to 7 days before cohort entry start date.

#### 4. Has no inner ear related disease

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Inner Ear Disorder', starting anytime up to 7 days before cohort entry start date.

#### 5. Has not had audiometry in past 365 days

Entry events having no procedure occurrences of 'Hearing examination', starting between 365 days before and 30 days before cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's start date plus 30 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


