### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST narrow)'.

2. condition occurrences of 'Deep Vein Thrombosis (narrow)'.

3. condition occurrences of 'Pulmonary Embolism'.

4. condition occurrences of 'Intraabdominal thrombosis - hepatic thrombosis '.

5. condition occurrences of 'Intraabdominal- splenic infacrtion and thrombosis '.

6. condition occurrences of 'Portal Vein thrombosis (include visceral, mesenteric)'.

7. condition occurrences of 'other Intraabdominal thrombosis'.

8. condition occurrences of 'Intestinal infarction'.

9. condition occurrences of 'Cerebral infarction'.

10. condition occurrences of 'Hemorrhagic stroke'.

11. condition occurrences of 'Myocardial Infarction and complication'.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Thrombocytopenia within 7 days of thrombosis with no such event in the past 90 days (clean window) 

Entry events with all of the following criteria:


   1. with any of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 measurement of 'Platelet measurement', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date; numeric value between 10 and 150; unit: "cubic millimeter", "per cubic millimeter", "thousand per microliter", "thousand per cubic millimeter", "billion per liter", "per liter" or "million per milliliter".
      2. having at least 1 measurement of 'Platelet measurement', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date; numeric value between 10 and 150; low range between 130 and 170.
      3. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Thrombocytopenia (narrow)', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.

   2. with all of the following criteria:

      1. having no measurements of 'Platelet measurement', starting between 90 days before and 7 days before cohort entry start date; numeric value between 10 and 150; unit: "cubic millimeter", "per cubic millimeter", "thousand per microliter", "thousand per cubic millimeter", "billion per liter", "per liter" or "million unit per milliliter".
      2. having no measurements of 'Platelet measurement', starting between 90 days before and 7 days before cohort entry start date; numeric value between 10 and 150; low range between 130 and 170.
      3. having no condition occurrences of 'Thrombocytopenia (broad)', starting between 90 days before and 7 days before cohort entry start date.


#### 2. Thrombosis clean window period (-365 days)

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST broad)', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   2. having no condition occurrences of 'Deep Vein Thrombosis (broad)', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   3. having no condition occurrences of 'Pulmonary Embolism', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   4. having no condition occurrences of 'Intraabdominal thrombosis - hepatic thrombosis ', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   5. having no condition occurrences of 'Intraabdominal- splenic infacrtion and thrombosis ', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   6. having no condition occurrences of 'Portal Vein thrombosis (include visceral, mesenteric)', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   7. having no condition occurrences of 'other Intraabdominal thrombosis', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   8. having no condition occurrences of 'Intestinal infarction', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   9. having no condition occurrences of 'Cerebral infarction', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   10. having no condition occurrences of 'Hemorrhagic stroke', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   11. having no condition occurrences of 'Myocardial Infarction and complication', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.


### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's start date plus 1 day.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


