### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. measurements of 'OMOPUveitis Multifocal choroiditis [condition]'; with all of the following criteria:

   1. having at most 0 measurements of 'OMOPUveitis Anterior chamber cell [conditions, measurements]', with value as concept: "+2", "+3", "+4", "present + out of ++++", "++", "present ++ out of ++++", "+++", "present +++ out of ++++", "++++", "present ++++ out of ++++", "2+", "3+", "4+", "5-10 cells", "21-50 cells", ">50 cells" or "11-20 cells".
   2. having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Keratic precipitates [condition]'.
   3. having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Posterior synechiae[condition]'.
   4. having at most 0 measurements of 'OMOPUveitis Vitritis severe [condition]', with value as concept: "very severe", "severely" or "severe".
   5. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'OMOPUveitis Bilateral choroiditis (condition)'.


2. condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Multifocal choroiditis [condition]'; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 measurement of 'OMOPUveitis HLA-A29 positive [measurements, observations]'.
   2. having at least 1 observation of 'OMOPUveitis HLA-A29 positive [measurements, observations]'.


Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. no syphilis [condition,measurements]

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at most 0 measurements of 'OMOPUveitis Syphilis exclusion [conditions, measurements]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry; with value as concept: "positive" or "positive".
   2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'OMOPUveitis Syphilis exclusion [conditions, measurements]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry.


#### 2. no sarcoidosis [conditions, observations]

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Sarcoidosis exclusion [conditions, observations]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry.
   2. having at most 0 observations of 'OMOPUveitis Sarcoidosis exclusion [conditions, observations]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry; with value as concept: "positive", "positive", "present" or "present".


#### 3. no ocular lymphoma[condition]

Entry events having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Ocular lymphoma exclusion [condition]', starting anytime up to 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


