### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Anterior uveitis [conditions]'.

2. condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Anterior chamber cell [conditions, measurements]'.

3. measurements of 'OMOPUveitis Anterior chamber cell [conditions, measurements]', numeric value &gt; 0; with value as concept: ">50 cells", "21-50 cells", "11-20 cells", "5-10 cells", "1+", "2+", "3+", "4+", "present + out of ++++", "present ++ out of ++++", "present +++ out of ++++", "present ++++ out of ++++", "+", "++", "+++", "++++", "trace", "trace", "positive" or "positive".

4. observations of 'OMOPUveitis Anterior chamber cell [conditions, measurements]'.

5. condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Anterior vitreous cell [conditions, measurements]'; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'OMOPUveitis Other anterior segment inflammation [conditions]', at same visit as 'OMOPUveitis Anterior vitreous cell [conditions, measurements]'.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Evidence of herpes simplex infection in the eye: a. Positive PCR for herpes simplex on aqueous specimen (observations, measurements)
b. Sectoral iris atrophy in a patient ≤50 years of age
c. Herpes simplex keratitis  

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 specimen of 'OMOPUveitis HSV AC PCR positive [measurements, specimen]', allow events outside observation period; with any of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 measurement of 'OMOPUveitis HSV AC PCR positive [measurements, specimen]', allow events outside observation period.
      2. having at least 1 observation of 'OMOPUveitis HSV AC PCR positive [measurements, specimen]', allow events outside observation period.

   2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'OMOPUveitis HSV iris atrophy [conditions]', allow events outside observation period; who are &lt;= 50 years old.
   3. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'OMOPUveitis HSV keratitis [conditions]', allow events outside observation period.


#### 2. no retinitis [conditions]

Entry events having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Retinitis exclusion [conditions]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry.

#### 3. no syphilis [measurements]

Entry events having at most 0 measurements of 'OMOPUveitis Syphilis exclusion [conditions, measurements]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry; with value as concept: "positive" or "positive".

#### 4. no sarcoidosis [conditions, observations]

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Sarcoidosis exclusion [conditions, observations]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry.
   2. having at most 0 observations of 'OMOPUveitis Sarcoidosis exclusion [conditions, observations]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry; with value as concept: "present", "present", "positive" or "positive".


#### 5. no CMV AC PCR [measurements]

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having at most 0 measurements of 'OMOPUveitis CMV AC PCR positive [measurements, observations, specimen]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry; with value as concept: "positive" or "positive".
   2. having at most 0 specimens of 'OMOPUveitis CMV AC PCR positive [measurements, observations, specimen]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 6. no VZV AC PCR [measurements]

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having at most 0 measurements of 'OMOPUveitis VZV AC PCR positive [measurements, specimen]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry; with value as concept: "positive" or "positive".
   2. having at most 0 specimens of 'OMOPUveitis VZV AC PCR positive [measurements, specimen]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 7. no bilateral uveitis except with HSV PCR+ [conditions, measurements]

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Bilateral uveitis [conditions]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry.
   2. having at least 1 measurement of 'OMOPUveitis HSV AC PCR positive [measurements, specimen]'.


#### 8. no concomitant dermatomal/cutaneous varicella zoster virus [conditions]

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Dermatomal/cutaneous varicella zoster virus '.
   2. having at least 1 observation of 'OMOPUveitis HSV AC PCR positive [measurements, specimen]'.
   3. having at least 1 measurement of 'OMOPUveitis HSV AC PCR positive [measurements, specimen]'.


Limit qualifying entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


