### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Anterior uveitis [conditions]'.

2. condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Anterior chamber cell [conditions, measurements]'.

3. measurements of 'OMOPUveitis Anterior chamber cell [conditions, measurements]', numeric value &gt; 0; with value as concept: ">50 cells", "11-20 cells", "5-10 cells", "1+", "2+", "3+", "4+", "present + out of ++++", "present ++ out of ++++", "present +++ out of ++++", "present ++++ out of ++++", "++", "+++", "++++", "trace", "trace", "trace", "positive", "21-50 cells", "+" or "positive".

4. condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Anterior vitreous cell [conditions, measurements]'; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'OMOPUveitis Other anterior segment inflammation [conditions]', at same visit as 'OMOPUveitis Anterior vitreous cell [conditions, measurements]'.

5. condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Anterior and intermediate uveitis [conditions]'.

6. condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Posterior uveitis with retinal vasculitis [conditions]'.

7. condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Panuveitis with retinal vasculitis [conditions]'.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Behcet oral or genital aphthous ulcer/aphthosis [conditions]

Entry events having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'OMOPUveitis Behcet oral or genital aphthous ulcer/aphthosis [conditions]', allow events outside observation period.

#### 2. Behcet ICBD other systemic finding [conditions, observations, measurements]

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'OMOPUveitis Behcet ICBD other systemic finding [conditions, observations, measurements]', allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 observation of 'OMOPUveitis Behcet ICBD other systemic finding [conditions, observations, measurements]', allow events outside observation period.
   3. having at least 1 measurement of 'OMOPUveitis Behcet ICBD other systemic finding [conditions, observations, measurements]', allow events outside observation period; with value as concept: "positive", "positive", "present" or "present".


#### 3. no syphilis [measurements]

Entry events having at most 0 observations of 'OMOPUveitis Syphilis exclusion [conditions, measurements]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry; with value as concept: "positive" or "positive".

#### 4. no sarcoidosis [conditions, observations]

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Sarcoidosis exclusion [conditions, observations]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry.
   2. having at most 0 observations of 'OMOPUveitis Sarcoidosis exclusion [conditions, observations]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry; with value as concept: "present", "present", "positive" or "positive".


#### 5. no choroiditis [conditions]

Entry events having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'OMOPUveitis Choroiditis [conditions]', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date; at same visit as cohort entry.

Limit qualifying entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


