### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Primary lung cancer or abnormal lung findings'.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Second Primary Lung Cancer Date

Entry events having at least 1 distinct start dates from condition occurrence of 'Primary Lung Cancer', starting between 0 days after and 180 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 2. No Small Cell Lung Cancer

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Small Cell Lung Cancer', starting anytime up to 365 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 3. NSCLC drugs or condition or observation or biomarker 365 days after index

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'NSCLC drugs', starting between 0 days after and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'NSCLC condition', starting between 0 days after and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having at least 1 observation of 'NSCLC observations', starting between 0 days after and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   4. having at least 1 measurement of 'NSCLC biomarkers', starting between 0 days after and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 4. No Malignant neoplasm of upper respiratory tract

Entry events having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'Malignant neoplasm of upper respiratory tract', starting between 0 days before and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 5. No metastasis to bone

Entry events having no measurements of 'Metastasis to bone', starting between all days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with value as concept: "present".

#### 6. No metastasis

Entry events having no measurements of 'Metastasis', starting between all days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with value as concept: "present".

#### 7. Not TNM T1

Entry events having no measurements of 'TNM T1 category', starting between all days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 8. Not TNM T2

Entry events having no measurements of 'TNM T2', starting between all days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 9. Not TNM M1

Entry events having no measurements of 'TNM M1', starting between all days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 10. Not Stage 1

Entry events having no measurements of 'Stage 1', starting between all days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 11. Not Stage 2

Entry events having no measurements of 'Stage 2', starting between all days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 12. Is Stage 3

Entry events having at least 1 measurement of 'Stage 3', starting between all days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 13. Is stage 3 365

Entry events having at least 1 measurement of 'Stage 3', starting anytime up to 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 14. Is Stage 3 180

Entry events having at least 1 measurement of 'Stage 3', starting anytime up to 180 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 15. Not Stage 4

Entry events having no measurements of 'Stage 4', starting between all days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

Limit qualifying entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.
The person exits the cohort when encountering any of the following events:
1. measurements of 'Metastasis', with value as concept: "present".
2. measurements of 'TNM M1'.
3. measurements of 'Stage 4'.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


