### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Primary lung cancer or abnormal lung findings'.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Second Primary Lung Cancer Date

Entry events having at least 1 distinct start dates from condition occurrence of 'Primary Lung Cancer', starting between 0 days after and 180 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 2. No Small Cell Lung Cancer

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Small Cell Lung Cancer', starting anytime up to 365 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 3. NSCLC drugs or condition or observation or biomarker 365 days after index

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'NSCLC drugs', starting between 0 days after and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'NSCLC condition', starting between 0 days after and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having at least 1 observation of 'NSCLC observations', starting between 0 days after and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   4. having at least 1 measurement of 'NSCLC biomarkers', starting between 0 days after and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 4. No Malignant neoplasm of upper respiratory tract

Entry events having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'Malignant neoplasm of upper respiratory tract', starting between 0 days before and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

Limit qualifying entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


