### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. observations of any observation (including '[ASSURE indications] Diagnosis of hormone resistant malignancy (ICD-10-CM code)' source concepts).

2. condition occurrences of '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)'; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - medical castration (LHRH or GnRH agonists and antagonists)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - non-specific procedure', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (bilateral)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period.
   4. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (CPTs that require modifier codes)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period; with modifier: "bilateral procedure".

   5. with at least 2 of the following criteria:


      1. with any of the following criteria:

         1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (CPTs that require modifier codes)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period; with modifier: "left side (used to identify procedures performed on the left side of the body)".
         2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (left)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period.

      2. with any of the following criteria:

         1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (CPTs that require modifier codes)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period; with modifier: "right side (used to identify procedures performed on the right side of the body)".
         2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (right)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period.


Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

Restrict entry events to having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Prostate cancer', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.  

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Age >= 18

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are &gt;= 18 years old.

#### 2. Gender=Male

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are male.

#### 3. No claims with a diagnosis of metastatic disease before or on the index date 

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no condition occurrences of any condition (including '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis' source concepts), starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having no measurements of '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 4. No more than 1 claim with a diagnosis of other types of cancer before or on index date

Entry events with at most 1 of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having at least 1 measurement of '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   4. having at least 2 measurements of '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   5. having at least 1 measurement of any measurement (including '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)' source concepts), starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   6. having at least 2 measurements of any measurement (including '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)' source concepts), starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   7. having at least 1 observation of '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   8. having at least 2 observations of '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 5. No claim with a diagnosis for hormone sensitive malignancy status on or after the index date

Entry events having no observations of any observation (including '[ASSURE indications] Diagnosis of hormone sensitive malignancy (ICD-10-CM code)' source concepts), starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.
The person exits the cohort when encountering any of the following events:
1. condition occurrences of '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis'.
2. condition occurrences of any condition (including '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis' source concepts).
3. measurements of '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis'.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


