### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis' for the first time in the person's history.

2. condition occurrence of any condition (including '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis' source concepts) for the first time in the person's history.

3. measurement of '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis' for the first time in the person's history.

4. drug exposures of '[ASSURE indications] Prostate cancer treatments solely indicated for mCRPC'.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

Restrict entry events to having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Prostate cancer', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.  

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Age >= 18

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are &gt;= 18 years old.

#### 2. Gender=Male

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are male.

#### 3. No more than 1 claim with a diagnosis of other types of cancer before index date

Entry events with at most 1 of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having at least 1 measurement of '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   4. having at least 2 measurements of '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   5. having at least 1 measurement of any measurement (including '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)' source concepts), starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   6. having at least 2 measurements of any measurement (including '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)' source concepts), starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   7. having at least 1 observation of '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   8. having at least 2 observations of '[ASSURE Indications] Any cancer (excl. prostate cancer and benign cancers)', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


