### Cohort Entry Events

People with continuous observation of 365 days before event may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Myasthenia gravis (exclude congenital, juvenile, neonatal or genetic) '; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Myasthenia gravis (exclude congenital, juvenile, neonatal or genetic) ', starting between 1 days after and 365 days after 'Myasthenia gravis (exclude congenital, juvenile, neonatal or genetic) ' start date.
   2. having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit', starting anytime on or before 'Myasthenia gravis (exclude congenital, juvenile, neonatal or genetic) ' start date and ending between 0 days after and all days after 'Myasthenia gravis (exclude congenital, juvenile, neonatal or genetic) ' start date.
   3. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Pyridostigmine', starting between 0 days before and 60 days after 'Myasthenia gravis (exclude congenital, juvenile, neonatal or genetic) ' start date.


2. drug exposures of 'Pyridostigmine'; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Myasthenia gravis (exclude congenital, juvenile, neonatal or genetic) ', starting between 0 days before and 60 days after 'Pyridostigmine' start date.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Age >= 18 years 

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are &gt;= 18 years old.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


