### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Acute kidney injury'.

2. procedure occurrences of 'Dialysis procedure at a Medicare certified ESRD facility for acute kidney injury without ESRD'.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Washout period with no AKI codes - 30 days: To rule out diagnosis codes that are follow ups (for example: check for status of recovery or progression, check sequelae, etc) from the actual event of AKI  

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Acute kidney injury', starting in the 30 days prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no procedure occurrences of 'Dialysis procedure at a Medicare certified ESRD facility for acute kidney injury without ESRD', starting in the 30 days prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 2. Has prior chronic kidney disease

Entry events having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Chronic Kidney Disease', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date.

#### 3. No ESKD at baseline: To exclude cases with a diagnosis of End-Stage Kidney Disease in the 365 days before AKI occurrence. Period from -365 to -7 to account for ESKD due to the index episode of AKI  

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'End-stage renal disease', starting between 365 days before and 7 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 4. No chronic dialysis at baseline (-365 to 8 days) : To exclude all patients receiving chronic dialysis defined as more than 3 recorded events of dialysis in the 1 year- 8 days before index date, or one erythropoietin dose and dialysis in same year  

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at most 3 procedure occurrences of 'Dialysis', starting between 365 days before and 8 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

   2. with any of the following criteria:

      1. having no procedure occurrences of 'Dialysis', starting between 365 days before and 8 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
      2. having no drug exposures of 'Erythropoietin like drugs
', starting between 365 days before and 8 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 5. No Kidney Transplant any time prior 

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Kidney transplant conditions', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no procedure occurrences of 'Kidney transplant procedure', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having at least 1 observation of 'Kidney transplant conditions', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date.


### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 7 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


