### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. visit occurrences of 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit'; with at least 1 of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Pancreatitis', starting anytime on or before 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' end date and starting between 0 days after and all days after 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' start date.


2. visit occurrences of 'outpatient visit'; with all of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Emergency room visit as a procedure', starting anytime on or before 'outpatient visit' end date and starting between 0 days after and all days after 'outpatient visit' start date.
   2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Pancreatitis', starting anytime on or before 'outpatient visit' start date and starting between 0 days after and all days after 'outpatient visit' start date.


### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Washout period of 365 days: This rule will prevent a person to renter for 1 year after entering a cohort. This is based on the assumption that any event in the 1 year period after prior event is part of an ongoing episode of care and thus not an independent event or case.  

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no visit occurrences of 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Pancreatitis', starting anytime on or before 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' end date and starting between 0 days after and all days after 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' start date.
   2. having no visit occurrences of 'outpatient visit', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with all of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Emergency room visit as a procedure', starting anytime on or before 'outpatient visit' end date and starting between 0 days after and all days after 'outpatient visit' start date.
      2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Pancreatitis', starting anytime on or before 'outpatient visit' end date and starting between 0 days after and all days after 'outpatient visit' start date.



#### 2. Should have Acute Pancreatitis within 1 day: Includes unspecified pancreatitis code without descendants  

Entry events having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Acute Pancreatitis', starting between 0 days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 3. Should NOT have Chronic Pancreatitis on or before Acute Pancreatitis: Includes index date.  

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Chronic Pancreatitis', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 4. Should NOT have Hereditary Pancreatitis any time: Any time in persons observation period  

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Hereditary Pancreatitis', allow events outside observation period.

#### 5. Should NOT have Alcoholic Pancreatitis on or before Acute Pancreatitis

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Alcoholic Pancreatitis', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 6. Should NOT have evidence Alcoholism or Severe Alcohol related disorders in past 1 year

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Alcoholism and severe alcohol induced disorder', starting between 365 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 7. Should NOT have evidence Alcohol intoxication in past 30 days

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Alcohol intoxication', starting between 30 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no condition occurrences of any condition (including 'Alcohol intoxication, missing source concepts' source concepts), starting between 30 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 8. Should NOT have evidence Cholangitis or Cholecystitis in past 1 year

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Cholangitis including Cholecystitis', starting between 365 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 9. Should NOT have evidence Biliary Tract Disease in past in past 1 year

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Disorder of biliary tract', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 10. Should NOT have evidence of recent Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography: Does not include day 0 because it may represent treatment  

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography', starting in the 7 days prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 11. Should NOT have evidence of Intestinal ischemia including acute mesenteric ischemia

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Intestinal ischemia including acute mesenteric ischemia', starting between 7 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 12. Should NOT have evidence of Gastrointestinal perforation

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Perforated viscus', starting between 7 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 13. Should NOT have evidence of Intestinal Obstruction

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Intestinal Obstruction', starting between 7 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 7 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


