### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Anaphylaxis (non environmental)'.

2. observations of 'Anaphylaxis (non environmental)'.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Washout period 30 days

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Anaphylaxis (non environmental)', starting in the 30 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   2. having no observations of 'Anaphylaxis (non environmental)', starting in the 30 days prior to cohort entry start date.


#### 2. No Food anaphylaxis on index date

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Food anaphylaxis', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no observations of 'Food anaphylaxis', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 3. No anaphylaxis due to substances other than food or drug on index date

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Anaphylaxis due to substance', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 4. No anaphylaxis due insect bite on index date

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Anaphylaxis caused by insect bite and/or insect sting', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 5. No insect bite or sting

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Insect bite or sting', starting between 1 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no observations of 'Insect bite or sting', starting between 1 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 6. No Toxic effect of venom

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Toxic effect of venom', starting between 1 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 7. Accidental poisoning

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Accidental poisoning', starting between 1 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 1 day.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


