### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Acquired Pure Red Cell Aplasia'.

2. condition occurrences of 'Anemia or Reticulocytopenia'; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Acquired Pure Red Cell Aplasia', starting between 0 days before and 30 days after 'Anemia or Reticulocytopenia' start date.

3. observations of 'Anemia or Reticulocytopenia'; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Acquired Pure Red Cell Aplasia', starting between 0 days before and 30 days after 'Anemia or Reticulocytopenia' start date.

4. measurements of 'Hemoglobin measurement', numeric value between 4 and 11; unit: "g/dl", "gram per deciliter" or "gram per deciliter calculated"; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Acquired Pure Red Cell Aplasia', starting between 0 days before and 30 days after 'Hemoglobin measurement' start date; allow events outside observation period.

5. measurements of 'Hematocrit measurement', numeric value between 5 and 30; unit: "percent"; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Acquired Pure Red Cell Aplasia', starting between 0 days before and 30 days after 'Hematocrit measurement' start date.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No congenital or genetic anemia

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Congenital or Genetic anemia', starting anytime up to 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 2. No Constitutional Pure Red Cell Aplasia: A congenital form of pure red cell aplasia  

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Constitutional and childhood red cell aplasia'.

#### 3. No normal Hemoglobin measurement in blood on index date

Entry events having no measurements of 'Hemoglobin measurement', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 11 and 14; unit: "g/dl", "gram per deciliter" or "gram per deciliter calculated".

#### 4. No normal Hematocrit measurement in blood on index date

Entry events having no measurements of 'Hematocrit measurement', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 37 and 47; unit: "percent".

#### 5. No Polycythemia on index date

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Polycythemia', starting between 0 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 6. No Bone marrow transplant

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Bone marrow transplant', starting between 180 days before and 7 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no observations of 'Bone marrow transplant', starting between 180 days before and 7 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having no procedure occurrences of 'Bone marrow transplant', starting between 180 days before and 7 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   4. having no observations of 'History of', starting between 180 days before and 7 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with value as concept: "transplantation of bone marrow".


Limit qualifying entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


