### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Febrile neutropenia'.

2. condition occurrences of 'Fever (38.0°C or higher) pre-coordinated measurement and conditions'.

3. measurements of 'Fever (38.0°C or higher) pre-coordinated measurement and conditions'.

4. measurements of 'Fever (38.0°C or higher) measurement and observation', numeric value between 38 and 42; unit: "degree celsius".

5. measurements of 'Fever (38.0°C or higher) measurement and observation', numeric value between 100.4 and 120; unit: "degree fahrenheit".

6. observations of 'Fever (38.0°C or higher) measurement and observation', numeric value between 38 and 42; unit: "degree celsius".

7. observations of 'Fever (38.0°C or higher) measurement and observation', numeric value between 100.4 and 120; unit: "degree fahrenheit".

8. condition occurrences of 'Significant Infections'.

Restrict entry events to with all of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient or ER visit', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.

   2. with any of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Febrile neutropenia', starting between 0 days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
      2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Neutropenia or Agranulocytosis', starting between 1 days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
      3. having at least 1 measurement of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', starting between 1 days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 0.01 and 1.499; unit: "billion per liter", "thousand per microliter", "million per milliliter", "thousand per cubic millimeter" or "billion cells per liter".
      4. having at least 1 measurement of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', starting between 1 days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 10 and 1,500; unit: "cells per microliter" or "per microliter".
      5. having at least 1 measurement of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', starting between 1 days before and 1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with value as concept: "below reference range".
  

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No Normal Neutrophil count (ANC )

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having no measurements of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 4 and 8.25; unit: "billion per liter", "thousand per microliter", "million per milliliter" or "thousand per cubic millimeter".
   2. having at least 1 measurement of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 4,000 and 8,250; unit: "cells per microliter" or "per microliter"; low range between 1,500 and 4,000.


### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 3 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 90 days of each other.


