### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of 'Sudden Hearing Loss' for the first time in the person's history.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Washout - no history of hearing loss  (365 days before to 7 days before)

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Hearing loss ', starting between 365 days before and 7 days before cohort entry start date.
   2. having no observations of 'Hearing loss ', starting between 365 days before and 7 days before cohort entry start date.


#### 2. Not a congenital anomaly of hearing (anytime)

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Congenital anomaly of ear with impairment of hearing'.

#### 3. Has no middle ear related disease (all days before to 7 days before)

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Middle ear finding', starting anytime up to 7 days before cohort entry start date.

#### 4. Has no inner ear related disease (all days before to 7 days before)

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Inner Ear Disorder', starting anytime up to 7 days before cohort entry start date.

#### 5. Has not had audiometry in past 365 days (all days before to 30 days before)

Entry events having no procedure occurrences of 'Hearing examination', starting between 365 days before and 30 days before cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


