### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of 'Acute Hepatic Failure, adding Sequela of chronic liver disease to capture potential cases in icd-9' for the first time in the person's history.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Chronic Hepatic Failure 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Chronic Hepatic Failure', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date.

#### 2. Liver Cirrhosis

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Liver Cirrhosis', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 3. History of Liver Transplant

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Liver Transplant', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 4. coccurring viral hepatitis around the same time 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Viral hepatitis', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 5. cooccurring Alcoholic hepatitis or alcoholic liver failure 

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Alcoholic hepatitis or alcoholic liver problems', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no observations of 'Alcoholic hepatitis or alcoholic liver problems', starting between 3 days before and 3 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 6. cooccurring hepatorenal disorder indicating a probable chronic liver disease  

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'hepatorenal', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


