### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Acute hepatic injury'.

2. condition occurrences of 'unspecified jaundice'; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient visit', starting anytime on or before 'unspecified jaundice' start date and ending between 0 days after and all days after 'unspecified jaundice' start date.
   2. having at least 1 observation of 'Inpatient visit', starting anytime on or before 'unspecified jaundice' start date and ending between 0 days after and all days after 'unspecified jaundice' start date.
   3. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Inpatient visit', starting anytime on or before 'unspecified jaundice' start date and ending between 0 days after and all days after 'unspecified jaundice' start date.


### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. have no chronic hepatic failure on the day of diagnosis 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of '
chronic Hepatic Failure
', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 2. have no other chronic liver conditions on the day of diagnosis 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'chronic liver conditions', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 3. cooccurring Hepatitis due to infection around the same time 

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Hepatitis due to infection', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having no measurements of 'measurement suggesting viral hepatitis present ', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 4. cooccurring Alcoholic hepatitis or alcoholic liver failure 

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Alcoholic hepatitis or alcoholic liver problems', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having no observations of 'Alcoholic hepatitis or alcoholic liver problems', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 5. steatohepatitis- removed aftre observing a high rate of this diagnosis in cohort diagnostics (clinicians did not believe that this condition could be related to drug exposure) 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'steatohepatitis ', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 6. have no alcohol abuse, dependence or toxicty around the same time 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'alcohol abuse, intoxication or dependency ', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 90 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 90 days of each other.


