### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Differentiation syndrome'.

2. condition occurrences of 'Differentiation Syndrome signs and Symptoms'.

3. observations of 'Differentiation Syndrome signs and Symptoms'.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. 2+ DS sign or symptom diagnoses within 7d of each other

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Differentiation syndrome', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.

   2. with at least 2 of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 observation of 'DS - weight gain - signs and symptoms', starting between 0 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.
      2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'DS - fever - signs and symptoms', starting between 0 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.
      3. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'DS - pulmonary infiltrates - signs and symptoms', starting between 0 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.
      4. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'DS - pleuropericardial effusion - signs and symptoms', starting between 0 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.
      5. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'DS - unexplained hypotension - signs and symptoms', starting between 0 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.
      6. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'DS - dyspnea - signs and symptoms', starting between 0 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.
      7. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'DS - acute renal failure - signs and symptoms', starting between 0 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 2. AML-related treatment or general chemotherapy within 60d prior

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML) treatments', starting between 60 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Chemotherapy procedures', starting between 60 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.


### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


