### Cohort Entry Events

People with continuous observation of 365 days before event may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of 'Sinus node dysfunction (SND) with descendants' for the first time in the person's history.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. IP or ER or OP visit

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient or ER Visit', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Outpatient Visit', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.


#### 2. Pacemaker or atropine +60d

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Pacemaker and-or implantable defribrillator insertion', starting between 0 days before and 60 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having at least 1 device exposure of 'Pacemaker and-or implantable defribrillator insertion', starting between 0 days before and 60 days after cohort entry start date.
   3. having at least 1 observation of 'Pacemaker and-or implantable defribrillator insertion', starting between 0 days before and 60 days after cohort entry start date.
   4. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'atropine', starting between 0 days before and 60 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 3. Symptoms -30d

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'SND symptoms expanded', starting between 30 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having at least 1 observation of 'SND symptoms expanded', starting between 30 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 4. workup +-30d

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 measurement of 'Sinus node dysfunction Workup', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having at least 1 observation of 'Sinus node dysfunction Workup', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date.
   3. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Sinus node dysfunction Workup', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after cohort entry start date.


### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


