### Cohort Entry Events

People enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Cardiac Arrest'; having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient or ER', starting anytime on or before 'Cardiac Arrest' start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after 'Cardiac Arrest' start date.

2. observations of 'Cardiac Arrest'; having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient or ER', starting anytime on or before 'Cardiac Arrest' start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after 'Cardiac Arrest' start date.

3. procedure occurrences of 'Cardiac Arrest'; having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient or ER', starting anytime on or before 'Cardiac Arrest' start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after 'Cardiac Arrest' start date.

4. condition occurrences of 'Myocardial Infarction and complication'; having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient or ERIP', starting anytime on or before 'Myocardial Infarction and complication' start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after 'Myocardial Infarction and complication' start date.

5. condition occurrences of 'Cerebral infarction'; having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient or ERIP', starting anytime on or before 'Cerebral infarction' start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after 'Cerebral infarction' start date.

6. condition occurrences of 'Hemorrhagic stroke'; having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient or ERIP', starting anytime on or before 'Hemorrhagic stroke' start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after 'Hemorrhagic stroke' start date.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 1 day.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 365 days of each other.


