### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Prostatitis', who are male.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Washout For Prostatitis: This rule will prevent a person to renter for 1 year after entering a cohort. This is based on the assumption that any event in the 1 year period after prior event is part of an ongoing episode of care and thus not an independent event or case.  

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Prostatitis', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.

#### 2. No Prior Chronic Prostatitis: This rule ensures that a persons once diagnosed with chronic prostatitis will never reenter the cohort as part of a new event  

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Chronic Prostatitis', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date.

#### 3. No history of Prostatitis: Removes persons with a history of prostatitis code  

Entry events having no observations of 'History of Prostatitis', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 4. No testicular lesions

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Lesion of testis', starting between 365 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 5. No bladder neoplasm or metastasis 

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Bladder neoplasm and metastasis ', starting between 365 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having no measurements of 'Bladder neoplasm and metastasis ', starting between 365 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 6. No abdominal or inguinal hernia

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Abdominal including inguinal hernia', starting between 365 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 180 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


