### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'malignant neoplasm of ovary', who are female.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. chemotherapy, Oophorectomy, biomark positive, or 2nd Dx

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Platinum compounds', starting between 0 days before and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; having at least 1 drug exposure of 'taxane', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after 'Platinum compounds' start date.
   2. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Platinum compounds', starting between 0 days before and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; having at least 1 drug exposure of 'doxorubicin', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after 'Platinum compounds' start date.
   3. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Oophorectomy', starting between 0 days before and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   4. having at least 1 measurement of 'Ovarian cancer biomarkers', starting between 30 days before and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value &gt; 35; unit: "unit per milliliter" or "no matching concept".
   5. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'malignant neoplasm of ovary', starting between 1 days after and 365 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


Limit qualifying entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


