### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. visit occurrences of 'Inpatient visits'.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Diagnosis of a serious infection (i.e., bacteremia, pneumonia, skin/soft tissue infection, gastrointestinal infection, acute osteomyelitis, acute pyelonephritis, acute meningitis) 

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Acute Meningitis', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date and starting anytime on or before cohort entry end date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Acute osteomyelitis', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date and starting anytime on or before cohort entry end date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Bacteremia', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date and starting anytime on or before cohort entry end date; allow events outside observation period.
   4. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Pneumonia', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date and starting anytime on or before cohort entry end date; allow events outside observation period.
   5. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Pyelonephritis', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date and starting anytime on or before cohort entry end date; allow events outside observation period.
   6. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Serious GI Infection', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date and starting anytime on or before cohort entry end date; allow events outside observation period.
   7. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Skin and Soft Tissue infections', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date and starting anytime on or before cohort entry end date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 2.  an infections (RX or DX) within 7 days prior index : Either of the following recorded within 7 days prior to or on the date of hospital admission for serious infection: (a) outpatient or emergency department ICD-10-CM diagnosis (in any position) of any serious or non-serious infection (Appendix Table S2),   

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Any antimicrobial by ATC
', starting between 7 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with all of the following criteria:

      1. having no visit occurrences of 'Inpatient visits', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Any antimicrobial by ATC
' start date.
      2. having no procedure occurrences of 'Inpatient visits', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Any antimicrobial by ATC
' start date.
      3. having no observations of 'Inpatient visits', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Any antimicrobial by ATC
' start date.

   2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Any serious or non-serious infection by Lo Re', starting between 7 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Outpatient or ER visit', starting between 0 days before and 0 days before 'Any serious or non-serious infection by Lo Re' start date.


### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 0 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 1 days of each other.


