### Cohort Entry Events

People enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of '[SOS] ESRD Ref'.

2. observations of '[SOS] ESRD Ref'.

3. procedure occurrences of '[SOS] ESRD Ref'.

4. condition occurrences of '[SOS] Renal transplant Ref'.

5. observations of '[SOS] Renal transplant Ref'.

6. procedure occurrences of '[SOS] Renal transplant Ref'.

7. measurements of '[SOS] eGFR Ref', numeric value between 1 and 15; unit: "milliliter per minute per 1.73 square meter" or "milliliter per minute per 1.73 square meter"; having at least 1 measurement of '[SOS] eGFR Ref', starting anytime up to 90 days before '[SOS] eGFR Ref' start date; numeric value between 1 and 15; unit: "milliliter per minute per 1.73 square meter" or "milliliter per minute per 1.73 square meter".

8. observations of '[SOS] Dialysis Ref'; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[SOS] Dialysis Ref', starting anytime up to 90 days before '[SOS] Dialysis Ref' start date.
   2. having at least 1 observation of '[SOS] Dialysis Ref', starting anytime up to 90 days before '[SOS] Dialysis Ref' start date.


9. procedure occurrences of '[SOS] Dialysis Ref'; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 observation of '[SOS] Dialysis Ref', starting anytime up to 90 days before '[SOS] Dialysis Ref' start date.
   2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[SOS] Dialysis Ref', starting anytime up to 90 days before '[SOS] Dialysis Ref' start date.


Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


