### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of 'Ulcerative colitis or chon's disease ' for the first time in the person's history.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. 1460d prior observation: a minimum of 4 years of follow-up before the first diagnosis of an IBD in the claims data by any provider  

Entry events having at least 1 observation period, starting anytime up to 1,460 days before cohort entry start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.

#### 2. 1st IBD dx from specialist [0, 0]

Entry events having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Ulcerative colitis or chon's disease ', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; a provider specialty that is: "colorectal surgery", "gastroenterology" or "pediatric gastroenterology".

#### 3. 2nd IBD dx [1, 365d]: 2nd IBD dx within 365d from specialist  

Entry events having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Ulcerative colitis or chon's disease ', starting between 1 days after and 365 days after cohort entry start date; a provider specialty that is: "colorectal surgery", "gastroenterology" or "pediatric gastroenterology".

#### 4. No prior sulfasalazine unless to treat RA

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having no drug exposures of 'Assure Exposure - C -  sulfasalazine', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Assure Exposure - C -  sulfasalazine', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with any of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'RA (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'Assure Exposure - C -  sulfasalazine' start date; allow events outside observation period.
      2. having at least 1 observation of 'RA (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'Assure Exposure - C -  sulfasalazine' start date; allow events outside observation period.



#### 5. No prior methotrexate unless to treat RA, PsO, PsA

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having no drug exposures of 'Assure Exposure - C -  methotrexate', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Assure Exposure - C -  methotrexate', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with any of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'RA (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'Assure Exposure - C -  methotrexate' start date; allow events outside observation period.
      2. having at least 1 observation of 'RA (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'Assure Exposure - C -  methotrexate' start date; allow events outside observation period.
      3. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'PsA (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'Assure Exposure - C -  methotrexate' start date; allow events outside observation period.
      4. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'PsO (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'Assure Exposure - C -  methotrexate' start date; allow events outside observation period.



#### 6. No prior TNFai unless to treat RA, PsO, PsA, AS, HS, pyoderma gangrenosum

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having no drug exposures of 'TNFi', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'TNFi', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with any of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'RA (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'TNFi' start date; allow events outside observation period.
      2. having at least 1 observation of 'RA (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'TNFi' start date; allow events outside observation period.
      3. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'PsO (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'TNFi' start date; allow events outside observation period.
      4. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'PsA (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'TNFi' start date; allow events outside observation period.
      5. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'HS (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'TNFi' start date; allow events outside observation period.
      6. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Pyoderma gangrenosum', starting anytime on or before 'TNFi' start date; allow events outside observation period.



#### 7. No prior usekinumab unless to treat PsO, PsA

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having no drug exposures of 'Assure Exposure - I -  ustekinumab', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Assure Exposure - I -  ustekinumab', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with any of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'PsO (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'Assure Exposure - I -  ustekinumab' start date; allow events outside observation period.
      2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'PsA (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'Assure Exposure - I -  ustekinumab' start date; allow events outside observation period.



#### 8. No prior tofacitinib unless to treat RA, PsA

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having no drug exposures of 'Assure Exposure - C -  tofacitinib', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Assure Exposure - C -  tofacitinib', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with any of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'RA (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'Assure Exposure - C -  tofacitinib' start date; allow events outside observation period.
      2. having at least 1 observation of 'RA (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'Assure Exposure - C -  tofacitinib' start date; allow events outside observation period.
      3. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'PsA (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'Assure Exposure - C -  tofacitinib' start date; allow events outside observation period.



#### 9. No prior natalizumab unless to treat MS

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having no drug exposures of 'Assure Exposure - C -  natalizumab', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Assure Exposure - C -  natalizumab', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'MS (PL)', starting anytime on or before 'Assure Exposure - C -  natalizumab' start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 10. no other IBD therapies [-9999, 1]: no prior IBD therapies except for another indication (e.g., RA treated with TNFai)  

Entry events having no drug exposures of 'other IBD therapies', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 11. colonoscopy, sigmoidoscopy, or bowel resection in [-42, 0d]: prior colonoscopy, sigmoidoscopy, capsule endoscopy, or bowel resection [-42, 0d]  

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'colonoscopy, sigmoidoscopy, and lower endoscopy procedures', starting between 42 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Bowel resection procedures', starting between 42 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 12. 1st IBD medications [0, 90d] or bowel resection [0, 0]: higher probability criteria  

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'mesalamine, olsalazinen, balsalazide oral or rectal form' for the first time in the person's history, starting between 0 days before and 90 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having at least 1 drug exposure of ' IBD therapies' for the first time in the person's history, starting between 0 days before and 90 days after cohort entry start date.
   3. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'corticosteroids oral form' for the first time in the person's history, starting between 0 days before and 90 days after cohort entry start date.
   4. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'corticosteroids rectal form' for the first time in the person's history, starting between 0 days before and 90 days after cohort entry start date.
   5. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Bowel resection procedures', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.


### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


