### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of 'Prostate cancer' for the first time in the person's history, who are male &gt;= 18 years old.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No metastases observed on or before the index date

Entry events with at most 0 of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of any condition (including '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis' source concepts), starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 measurement of '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having at least 1 drug exposure of '[ASSURE indications] Prostate cancer treatments solely indicated for mCRPC', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.
The person exits the cohort when encountering any of the following events:
1. condition occurrences of any condition (including '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis' source concepts).
2. measurements of '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis'.
3. drug exposures of '[ASSURE indications] Prostate cancer treatments solely indicated for mCRPC'.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


