### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'primary lung cancer'.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. (personal history of primary lung cancer) no personal history of primary lung cancer

Entry events having no observations of 'personal history of lung cancer', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with value as concept: "neoplasm of respiratory tract", "malignant neoplasm of lower respiratory tract" or "personal history of other malignant neoplasm of bronchus and lung".

#### 2. (secondary) lung cancer (before)

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'secondary malignant neoplasm of respiratory tract', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no measurements of 'metastasis to Lung', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 3. (secondary) lung cancer (on or before)

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'secondary malignant neoplasm of respiratory tract', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no measurements of 'metastasis to Lung', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 4. (curative intent) no history of death (on or before)

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'death observations', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no observations of 'death observations', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having no death of any form, starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 5. no evidence of being SCLC (anytime): Not have a specific diagnosis of SCLC or treatment. The problem with this approach is minority of Primary Lung Cancer are SCLC.  

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'small cell carcinoma of unspecified site (anywhere in the body)', allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no condition occurrences of 'small cell lung cancer', allow events outside observation period.
   3. having no observations of 'small cell lung cancer observations (potentially redundant with vocabulary drift)', allow events outside observation period.
   4. having no drug exposures of 'drugs likely meant for small cell lung cancer', allow events outside observation period.


### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


