### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Hypocalcemia'.

2. measurements of 'Calcium [Mass/volume] in Serum or Plasma', numeric value between 1 and 8.5; unit: "milligram per deciliter".

3. measurements of ' Calcium.ionized [Mass/volume] in Blood', numeric value between 1 and 4.5; unit: "milligram per deciliter".

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No normal or high level of Calcium on the same day

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no measurements of 'Calcium [Mass/volume] in Serum or Plasma', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; numeric value between 8.5 and 30; unit: "milligram per deciliter".
   2. having no measurements of ' Calcium.ionized [Mass/volume] in Blood', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; numeric value between 4.6 and 20; unit: "milligram per deciliter".


#### 2. No Hypercalcemia 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of '

Hypercalcemia', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 3. have another hypocalcemia diagnosis or low calcium measurement in next 30d

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Hypocalcemia', starting between 1 days after and 30 days after cohort entry start date; with all of the following criteria:

      1. having no measurements of 'Calcium [Mass/volume] in Serum or Plasma', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Hypocalcemia' start date; numeric value between 8.5 and 30; unit: "milligram per deciliter".
      2. having no measurements of 'Calcium.ionized [Moles/volume] in Blood or plasma', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Hypocalcemia' start date; numeric value between 4.6 and 20; unit: "milligram per deciliter".

   2. having at least 1 measurement of 'Calcium [Mass/volume] in Serum or Plasma', starting between 1 days after and 30 days after cohort entry start date; numeric value between 1 and 8.5; unit: "milligram per deciliter"; with all of the following criteria:

      1. having no measurements of 'Calcium [Mass/volume] in Serum or Plasma', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Calcium [Mass/volume] in Serum or Plasma' start date; numeric value between 8.5 and 30; unit: "milligram per deciliter".
      2. having no measurements of ' Calcium.ionized [Mass/volume] in Blood', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Calcium [Mass/volume] in Serum or Plasma' start date; numeric value between 4.6 and 20; unit: "milligram per deciliter".

   3. having at least 1 measurement of 'Calcium.ionized [Moles/volume] in Blood or plasma', starting between 1 days after and 30 days after cohort entry start date; numeric value between 1 and 4.6; unit: "milligram per deciliter"; with all of the following criteria:

      1. having no measurements of ' Calcium.ionized [Mass/volume] in Blood', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Calcium.ionized [Moles/volume] in Blood or plasma' start date; numeric value between 8.5 and 30; unit: "milligram per deciliter".
      2. having no measurements of 'Calcium [Mass/volume] in Serum or Plasma', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Calcium.ionized [Moles/volume] in Blood or plasma' start date; numeric value between 4.6 and 20; unit: "milligram per deciliter".



### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's start date plus 0 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 30 days of each other.


