### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Hemolytic Anemia'.

2. condition occurrences of 'Anemia or Reticulocytopenia that can potentially be due to hemolysis'; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Hemolytic disorder', starting between 30 days after and 30 days after 'Anemia or Reticulocytopenia that can potentially be due to hemolysis' start date.

3. measurements of 'Hemoglobin measurement', numeric value between 4 and 11; unit: "g/dl", "gram per deciliter" or "gram per deciliter calculated"; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Hemolytic disorder', starting between 30 days after and 30 days after 'Hemoglobin measurement' start date.

4. measurements of 'Hematocrit measurement', numeric value between 5 and 30; unit: "percent"; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Hemolytic disorder', starting between 30 days after and 30 days after 'Hematocrit measurement' start date.

5. condition occurrences of 'Hemolytic disorder'; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Anemia or Reticulocytopenia that can potentially be due to hemolysis', starting between 30 days after and 30 days after 'Hemolytic disorder' start date.
   2. having at least 1 measurement of 'Hemoglobin measurement', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after 'Hemolytic disorder' start date; numeric value between 4 and 11; unit: "g/dl", "gram per deciliter" or "gram per deciliter calculated".
   3. having at least 1 measurement of 'Hematocrit measurement', starting between 30 days before and 30 days after 'Hemolytic disorder' start date; numeric value between 5 and 30; unit: "percent".


### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Washout period - 365 days

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Hemolytic disorder', starting in the 365 days prior to cohort entry start date.

#### 2. No normal low Hemoglobin measurement in blood on index date

Entry events having no measurements of 'Hemoglobin measurement', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 11 and 14; unit: "g/dl", "gram per deciliter" or "gram per deciliter calculated".

#### 3. No Polycythemia on index date

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Polycythemia', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 4. No Hereditary hemoglobinopathy

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Hereditary hemoglobinopathy', starting anytime up to 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 5. No Erythrocyte membrane defect

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Erythrocyte membrane defect', starting anytime up to 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 6. No Hereditary hemolytic anemia

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Hereditary hemolytic anemia', starting anytime up to 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 7. No Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency anemia

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency anemia and other enzyme deficiency', starting anytime up to 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 8. No Inherited disorder of porphyrin metabolism

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Inherited disorder of porphyrin metabolism', starting anytime up to 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 9. No Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria', starting anytime up to 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 0 days.
The person exits the cohort when encountering any of the following events:
1. measurements of 'Hemoglobin measurement', numeric value between 11 and 14; unit: "g/dl", "gram per deciliter" or "gram per deciliter calculated".
2. measurements of 'Hematocrit measurement', numeric value between 37 and 47; unit: "percent".

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


