### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of 'Prostate cancer' for the first time in the person's history, who are male &gt;= 18 years old.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No metastases or castration-resistance observed on or before the index date

Entry events with at most 0 of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of any condition (including '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis' source concepts), starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 measurement of '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Diagnosis of hormone resistant malignancy', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   4. having at least 1 measurement of '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; with all of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 drug exposure of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - medical castration (LHRH or GnRH agonists and antagonists)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date.
      2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - non-specific procedure', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date.
      3. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (bilateral)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date.
      4. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (CPTs that require modifier codes)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; with modifier: "bilateral procedure".

      5. with at least 2 of the following criteria:


         1. with any of the following criteria:

            1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (CPTs that require modifier codes)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period; with modifier: "left side (used to identify procedures performed on the left side of the body)".
            2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (left)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period.

         2. with any of the following criteria:

            1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (CPTs that require modifier codes)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period; with modifier: "right side (used to identify procedures performed on the right side of the body)".
            2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (right)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period.

   5. having at least 1 drug exposure of '[ASSURE indications] Prostate cancer treatments solely indicated for mCRPC', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.
The person exits the cohort when encountering any of the following events:
1. condition occurrences of any condition (including '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis' source concepts).
2. measurements of '[ASSURE indications] Any secondary malignancies or metastasis'.
3. condition occurrences of 'Diagnosis of hormone resistant malignancy'.
4. measurements of '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)'; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - medical castration (LHRH or GnRH agonists and antagonists)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - non-specific procedure', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (bilateral)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period.
   4. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (CPTs that require modifier codes)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period; with modifier: "bilateral procedure".

   5. with at least 2 of the following criteria:


      1. with any of the following criteria:

         1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (CPTs that require modifier codes)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period; with modifier: "left side (used to identify procedures performed on the left side of the body)".
         2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (left)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period.

      2. with any of the following criteria:

         1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (CPTs that require modifier codes)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period; with modifier: "right side (used to identify procedures performed on the right side of the body)".
         2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[ASSURE indications] ADT - surgical castration procedures (right)', starting anytime prior to '[ASSURE indications] Raised prostate-specific antigen (PSA)' start date; allow events outside observation period.

5. drug exposures of '[ASSURE indications] Prostate cancer treatments solely indicated for mCRPC'.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


