### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Sjogren's syndrome'.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. hospitalization (≥ 1 discharge diagnosis) or physician billing (> 2 diagnoses by any physician ≥ 8 weeks apart but within 2 years, or ≥ 1 diagnosis by a rheumatologist)

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Sjogren's syndrome', starting between 56 days after and 730 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Sjogren's syndrome', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; a provider specialty that is: "rheumatology" or "pediatric rheumatology".
   3. having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry end date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 2. 2022 or later

Entry events with the following event criteria: starting on or after January 1, 2022.

#### 3. CE 365  prior to +1

Entry events having at least 1 observation period, starting anytime up to 365 days before cohort entry start date and ending  1 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 4. male or female gender

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are female or male.

#### 5. 18+

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are &gt;= 18 years old.

Limit qualifying entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


