### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Rhabdomyolysis or Myoglobinuria'.

2. observations of 'Rhabdomyolysis or Myoglobinuria'.

3. condition occurrences of 'Muscle, ligament and fascia disorders'; having at least 1 measurement of 'Rhabdomyolysis measurement of creatine kinase', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after 'Muscle, ligament and fascia disorders' start date; numeric value &gt; 0; high range &gt; 100; high range-to-value ratio &gt; 5.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Washout period - 180 days

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Rhabdomyolysis or Myoglobinuria', starting in the 180 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   2. having no observations of 'Rhabdomyolysis or Myoglobinuria', starting in the 180 days prior to cohort entry start date.
   3. having no condition occurrences of 'Muscle, ligament and fascia disorders', starting in the 180 days prior to cohort entry start date; having at least 1 measurement of 'Rhabdomyolysis measurement of creatine kinase', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after 'Muscle, ligament and fascia disorders' start date; numeric value &gt; 0; high range &gt; 100; high range-to-value ratio &gt; 5.


#### 2. Requires hospitalization

Entry events having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.

#### 3. No major trauma in last 14 days

Entry events having no visit occurrences of 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit', starting between 14 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Trauma', starting between 0 days after and all days after 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' start date and starting anytime on or before 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' end date.

#### 4. No major burn in last 14 days

Entry events having no visit occurrences of 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit', starting between 14 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Burn', starting between 0 days after and all days after 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' start date and starting anytime on or before 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' end date.

#### 5. No major drowning in last 14 days

Entry events having no visit occurrences of 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit', starting between 14 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Drowning', starting between 0 days after and all days after 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' start date and starting anytime on or before 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' end date.

#### 6. No major hypothermia in last 14 days

Entry events having no visit occurrences of 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit', starting between 14 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Hypothermia', starting between 0 days after and all days after 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' start date and starting anytime on or before 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' end date.

#### 7. No major hyperthermia or hyperpyrexia in last 14 days

Entry events having no visit occurrences of 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit', starting between 14 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Hyperthermia', starting between 0 days after and all days after 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' start date and starting anytime on or before 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' end date.

#### 8. No Sepsis inpatient in last 14 days

Entry events having no visit occurrences of 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit', starting between 14 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Sepsis', starting between 0 days after and all days after 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' start date and starting anytime on or before 'Inpatient or Inpatient/ER visit' end date.

#### 9. No Sepsis in last 14 days

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Sepsis', starting between 14 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date.

#### 10. No Crush Syndrome in last 14 days

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Crush Syndrome', starting between 14 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date.

#### 11. No March myoglobinuria in last 14 days

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'March myoglobinuria', starting between 14 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date.

#### 12. Not due to exertional reasons in last 14 days

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Exertional rhabdomyolysis', starting between 14 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 13. No alcohol intoxication in the last 14 days 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Alcohol intoxication', starting between 14 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 3 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


