### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of 'Inpatient Epilepsy' for the first time in the person's history, starting on or after January 1, 2010; a visit occurrence that is: "emergency room and inpatient visit", "inpatient visit" or "emergency room visit".

2. condition occurrences of 'Adult Epilepsy and Seizure Afebrile', starting on or after January 1, 2010; a visit occurrence that is: "outpatient visit"; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Adult Epilepsy and Seizure Afebrile', starting between 1,825 days before and 30 days before 'Adult Epilepsy and Seizure Afebrile' start date; a visit occurrence that is: "outpatient visit".

3. drug exposure of 'Adult Antiepileptic Drugs' for the first time in the person's history, starting on or after January 1, 2010; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Adult Epilepsy and Seizure Afebrile' for the first time in the person's history, starting between 730 days before and 0 days after 'Adult Antiepileptic Drugs' start date.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Adult Age

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are &gt;= 18 years old.

#### 2. Additional Criteria

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 2 drug exposures of 'Adult Antiepileptic Drugs', starting between 0 days after and all days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Intractable Epilepsy', starting between 0 days after and all days after cohort entry start date.


### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


