### Cohort Entry Events

People with continuous observation of 365 days before event may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of 'Alzheimer Disease ' for the first time in the person's history; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug', starting between 0 days before and all days after 'Alzheimer Disease ' start date.
   2. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Alzheimer Disease ', starting  1 days after 'Alzheimer Disease ' start date.
   3. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Specific dementia test ', starting anytime on or before 'Alzheimer Disease ' start date.
   4. having at least 1 measurement of 'Specific dementia test ', starting anytime on or before 'Alzheimer Disease ' start date.
   5. having at least 1 observation of 'Specific dementia test ', starting anytime on or before 'Alzheimer Disease ' start date.
   6. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Dementia symptoms '.
   7. having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient or ER visit', starting anytime on or before 'Alzheimer Disease ' start date and ending between 0 days before and all days after 'Alzheimer Disease ' start date.


2. condition occurrence of 'Dementia' for the first time in the person's history; having at least 2 drug exposures of 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug', starting between 0 days before and all days after 'Dementia' start date.

3. drug exposure of 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' for the first time in the person's history; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Alzheimer Disease ', starting between 0 days before and all days after 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No occurrence of any other specific dementia diagnosis (e.g., VD, Pick’s disease, or Lewy body dementia [LBD]) after the Alzheimer's disease diagnosis date

Entry events having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'Other specific dementia diagnosis (e.g., VD, Pick’s disease, or Lewy body dementia [LBD])', starting  1 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 2. No occurrence of Stroke diagnosis within 2 years prior to the Alzheimer's disease diagnosis date

Entry events having at most 0 condition occurrences of 'Stroke (ischemic or hemorrhagic)', starting between 730 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date.

#### 3. >= 18 years old

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are &gt;= 18 years old.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


