### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Hemolytic Anemia'.

2. condition occurrences of 'Anemia or Reticulocytopenia that can potentially be due to hemolysis'; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Hemolytic disorder', starting between 0 days after and 30 days after 'Anemia or Reticulocytopenia that can potentially be due to hemolysis' start date; allow events outside observation period.

3. measurements of 'Hemoglobin measurement', numeric value between 4 and 11; unit: "g/dl", "gram per deciliter" or "gram per deciliter calculated"; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Hemolytic disorder', starting between 0 days after and 30 days after 'Hemoglobin measurement' start date; allow events outside observation period.

4. measurements of 'Hematocrit measurement', numeric value between 5 and 30; unit: "percent"; having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Hemolytic disorder', starting between 0 days after and 30 days after 'Hematocrit measurement' start date; allow events outside observation period.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No normal low Hemoglobin measurement in blood on index date

Entry events having no measurements of 'Hemoglobin measurement', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 11 and 14; unit: "g/dl", "gram per deciliter" or "gram per deciliter calculated".

#### 2. No Polycythemia on index date

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Polycythemia', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 0 days.
The person exits the cohort when encountering any of the following events:
1. measurements of 'Hemoglobin measurement', numeric value between 11 and 14; unit: "g/dl", "gram per deciliter" or "gram per deciliter calculated".
2. measurements of 'Hematocrit measurement', numeric value between 37 and 47; unit: "percent".

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


