### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Sudden Hearing Loss'.

2. condition occurrences of 'Hearing loss '; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Corticosteroids systemic or topical', starting between 1 days before and 21 days after 'Hearing loss ' start date.
   2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Imaging of head area', starting between 1 days before and 21 days after 'Hearing loss ' start date.
   3. having at least 2 procedure occurrences of 'Hearing examination', starting between 1 days before and 21 days after 'Hearing loss ' start date.


3. observations of 'Hearing loss '; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of 'Corticosteroids systemic or topical', starting between 1 days before and 21 days after 'Hearing loss ' start date.
   2. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Imaging of head area', starting between 1 days before and 21 days after 'Hearing loss ' start date.
   3. having at least 2 procedure occurrences of 'Hearing examination', starting between 1 days after and 21 days after 'Hearing loss ' start date.


### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Not a congenital anomaly of hearing

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Congenital anomaly of ear with impairment of hearing'.

#### 2. Has no middle ear related disease

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Middle ear finding', starting anytime up to 7 days before cohort entry start date.

#### 3. Has no inner ear related disease

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Inner Ear Disorder', starting anytime up to 7 days before cohort entry start date.

#### 4. Has not had audiometry in past 365 days

Entry events having no procedure occurrences of 'Hearing examination', starting between 365 days before and 30 days before cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 0 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


