### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Prostatitis', who are male.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No Prior Chronic Prostatitis: This rule ensures that a persons once diagnosed with chronic prostatitis will never reenter the cohort as part of a new event  

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Chronic Prostatitis', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date.

#### 2. No history of Prostatitis prior to first prostatitis: Removes persons with a history of prostatitis code only before first prostatitis  

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Prostatitis' for the first time in the person's history, starting between 0 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date.
   2. having no observations of 'History of Prostatitis', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


#### 3. No testicular lesions

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Lesion of testis', starting between 365 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 4. No bladder neoplasm

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Bladder neoplasm', starting between 365 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 5. No abdominal or inguinal hernia

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Abdominal including inguinal hernia', starting between 365 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 0 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


