### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Heavy menstrual bleeding (menorrhagia)'.

2. condition occurrences of any condition (including 'Source codes - 626.2 or N92.1' source concepts).

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Gender = Female

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are female.

#### 2. Not eligible during a pregnancy

Entry events having no condition eras of 'Condition_Era Pregnancy Codes', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date and ending between 0 days after and all days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; containing = 0 occurrences.

#### 3. Not eligible after menopause

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Conditions, observations, and procedures that imply menopause', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having no observations of 'Conditions, observations, and procedures that imply menopause', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having no procedure occurrences of 'Conditions, observations, and procedures that imply menopause', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 90 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


