### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. visit occurrences of 'Non urgent Outpatient site of care (Defined by visit domain)'.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Should not be overlapping with an Inpatient site of care

Entry events having no visit occurrences of 'Inpatient', starting anytime on or before cohort entry end date and ending between 0 days after and all days after cohort entry start date.

#### 2. Should not be overlapping with an Inpatient Care as defined by procedure or observation codes

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no observations of 'Inpatient Care concepts', starting anytime on or before cohort entry end date and ending between 0 days after and all days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having no procedure occurrences of 'Inpatient Care concepts', starting anytime on or before cohort entry end date and ending between 0 days after and all days after cohort entry start date.


#### 3. Should not be overlapping with Emergency room site of care

Entry events having no visit occurrences of 'Emergency Room', starting anytime on or before cohort entry end date and ending between 0 days after and all days after cohort entry start date.

#### 4. Should not be overlapping with Urgent Care as defined by procedure or observation codes

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no observations of 'Urgent care concepts', starting anytime on or before cohort entry end date and ending between 0 days after and all days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having no procedure occurrences of 'Urgent care concepts', starting anytime on or before cohort entry start date and ending between 0 days after and all days after cohort entry start date.


### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 0 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 1 days of each other.


