### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Acute respiratory symptoms commonly seen among persons who receive ventilatory support'; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Procedure of ventilatory assist', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Acute respiratory symptoms commonly seen among persons who receive ventilatory support' start date.
   2. having at least 1 observation of 'Procedure of ventilatory assist', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Acute respiratory symptoms commonly seen among persons who receive ventilatory support' start date.
   3. having at least 1 measurement of 'Procedure of ventilatory assist', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Acute respiratory symptoms commonly seen among persons who receive ventilatory support' start date.
   4. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Procedure of ventilatory assist', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after 'Acute respiratory symptoms commonly seen among persons who receive ventilatory support' start date.


Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

Restrict entry events to having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Acute respiratory failure', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.  

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 14 days.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


