### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Neutropenia, Agranulocytosis or Unspecified Leukopenia'.

2. measurements of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', numeric value between 0.01 and 1.499; unit: "billion per liter", "thousand per microliter", "million per milliliter", "thousand per cubic millimeter" or "billion cells per liter".

3. measurements of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', numeric value between 10 and 1,499; unit: "cells per microliter" or "per microliter".

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No congenital or genetic neutropenia, leukopenia or agranulocytosis

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'congenital or genetic neutropenia, leukopenia or agranulocytosis', starting anytime up to 7 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

#### 2. No Normal Neutrophil count on index date

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no measurements of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', starting between 0 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 4 and 8.25; unit: "billion per liter", "thousand per microliter", "million per milliliter", "thousand per cubic millimeter" or "billion cells per liter".
   2. having no measurements of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period; numeric value between 4,000 and 8,250; unit: "cells per microliter" or "per microliter".


#### 3. No Neutrophilia on index date

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Neutrophilia', starting between 0 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 0 days.
The person exits the cohort when encountering any of the following events:
1. measurements of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', numeric value between 4 and 8.25; unit: "billion per liter", "thousand per microliter", "million per milliliter", "thousand per cubic millimeter" or "billion cells per liter".
2. measurements of 'Neutrophil Absolute Count', numeric value between 4,000 and 8,250; unit: "cells per microliter" or "per microliter".

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


