### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Acute hepatic injury'.

2. condition occurrences of 'unspecified jaundice'; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient Setting Concepts', starting anytime on or before 'unspecified jaundice' start date and ending between 0 days after and all days after 'unspecified jaundice' start date.
   2. having at least 1 observation of 'Inpatient Setting Concepts', starting anytime on or before 'unspecified jaundice' start date and ending between 0 days after and all days after 'unspecified jaundice' start date.
   3. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of 'Inpatient Setting Concepts', starting anytime on or before 'unspecified jaundice' start date and ending between 0 days after and all days after 'unspecified jaundice' start date.


### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. have no chronic hepatic failure on the day of diagnosis 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of '
chronic Hepatic Failure
', starting between 0 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 2. cooccurring Hepatitis due to infection around the same time 

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of 'Hepatitis due to infection', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having no measurements of 'measurement suggesting viral hepatitis present ', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 3. cooccurring Alcoholic hepatitis or alcoholic liver failure 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Alcoholic hepatitis or alcoholic liver failure or other alcoholic liver damage ', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 4. steatohepatitis 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'steatohepatitis ', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 5. have no alcohol abuse around the same time 

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'alcohol abuse ', starting between 7 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The cohort end date will be offset from index event's end date plus 1 day.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 90 days of each other.


