### Cohort Entry Events

People with continuous observation of 183 days before event may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of '[PIONEER 2.0] Secondary malignant neoplasm' for the first time in the person's history; having at least 1 condition occurrence of '[PIONEER 2.0] Secondary malignant neoplasm', starting between 1 days after and 183 days after '[PIONEER 2.0] Secondary malignant neoplasm' start date.

2. measurements of '[PIONEER 2.0] Cancer Modifier Metastasis', starting between January 1, 2016 and December 31, 2020.

3. measurements of '[PIONEER 2.0] Metastasis measurement require value', starting between January 1, 2016 and December 31, 2020; with value as concept: "m1c", "m1b", "m1a" or "m1".

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Male

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are male.

#### 2. age 18+

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are &gt;= 18 years old.

#### 3. dx of PCa

Entry events having at least 1 condition occurrence of '[PIONEER 2.0] prostate cancer' for the first time in the person's history, starting anytime up to 30 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 4. No other primary

Entry events with all of the following criteria:

   1. having no condition occurrences of '[PIONEER 2.0] other primaries', starting anytime up to 30 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having no observations of '[PIONEER 2.0] other primaries', starting anytime up to 30 days after cohort entry start date.


#### 5. No Orchiectomy

Entry events having no procedure occurrences of '[PIONEER 2.0] orchiectomy', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date.

#### 6. No ADT

Entry events with all of the following criteria:


   1. having no drug exposures of '[PIONEER V2.0] ADT (LHRH & anti-androgen)', starting in the 183 days prior to cohort entry start date.

#### 7. Surgery or RT

Entry events with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[Pioneer 2.0] Local trt', starting anytime up to 184 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   2. having at least 1 observation of '[Pioneer 2.0] Local trt', starting anytime up to 184 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   3. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[Pioneer 2.0] Local trt', starting anytime up to 184 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.
   4. having at least 1 observation of '[Pioneer 2.0] Local trt', starting anytime up to 184 days before cohort entry start date; allow events outside observation period.


### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.
The person exits the cohort when encountering any of the following events:
1. condition occurrences of '[PIONEER 2.0] other primaries'.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


