### Cohort Entry Events

People with continuous observation of 365 days before event may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. procedure occurrences of 'Potential curative surgery colorectal cancer'.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. NO MSI-H or dMMR

Entry events with at most 0 of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite Instable-high OMOP GENOMIC', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite measurement - NAACAR', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date; with value as concept: "msi unstable high (msi-h)|and/or|mmr-d (loss of nuclear expression of one or more mmr proteins, mmr protein deficient)".
   3. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite instability LOINC', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date; with value as concept: "msi-h".
   4. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Microsatellite instability-high colorectal cancer', starting between 90 days before and 7 days after cohort entry start date.
   5. having at least 1 measurement of 'Mlh1 immunostains', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date; with value as concept: "loss of nuclear expression".
   6. having at least 1 measurement of 'MSH2 immunostains', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date; with value as concept: "loss of nuclear expression".
   7. having at least 1 measurement of 'MSH6 immunostains', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date; with value as concept: "loss of nuclear expression".
   8. having at least 1 measurement of 'PMS2 immunostains', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date; with value as concept: "loss of nuclear expression".


#### 2. MSI-L, MSI-indeterminate, MSS or pMMR

Entry events with at least 1 of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite Instable-Low OMOP GENOMIC', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite measurement - NAACAR', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date; with value as concept: "msi unstable low (msi-l)" or "microsatellite instability (msi) stable; microsatellite stable (mss); negative, nos|and/or|mismatch repair (mmr) intact, no loss of nuclear expression of mmr proteins".
   3. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite instability LOINC', starting between 7 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date; with value as concept: "indeterminate", "msi-l" or "stable".
   4. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Intact mismatch protein repair function identified in malignant tumor', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date.
   5. having at least 1 measurement of 'Mlh1 immunostains', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date; with value as concept: "intact nuclear expression".
   6. having at least 1 measurement of 'PMS2 immunostains', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date; with value as concept: "intact nuclear expression".
   7. having at least 1 measurement of 'MSH2 immunostains', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date; with value as concept: "intact nuclear expression".
   8. having at least 1 measurement of 'MSH6 immunostains', starting between 90 days before and 14 days after cohort entry start date; with value as concept: "intact nuclear expression".


#### 3. Colon cancer

Entry events having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Colon cancer', starting between 90 days before and 0 days after cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


