### Cohort Entry Events

People with continuous observation of 365 days before event enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' for the first time in the person's history; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 measurement of 'PMS2 immunostains', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "loss of nuclear expression".
   2. having at least 1 measurement of 'MSH2 immunostains', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "loss of nuclear expression".
   3. having at least 1 measurement of 'MSH6 immunostains', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "loss of nuclear expression".
   4. having at least 1 measurement of 'Mlh1 immunostains', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "loss of nuclear expression".
   5. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Microsatellite instability-high colorectal cancer', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date.
   6. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite measurement - NAACAR', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "msi unstable high (msi-h)|and/or|mmr-d (loss of nuclear expression of one or more mmr proteins, mmr protein deficient)", "msi unstable high; positive, high" or "msi unstable high; positive, high".
   7. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite Instable-high OMOP GENOMIC', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date.
   8. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite instability LOINC', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "msi-h".


Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


