### Cohort Entry Events

People with continuous observation of 365 days before event may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' for the first time in the person's history; with at most 0 of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 measurement of 'PMS2 immunostains', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "loss of nuclear expression".
   2. having at least 1 measurement of 'MSH6 immunostains', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "loss of nuclear expression".
   3. having at least 1 measurement of 'MSH2 immunostains', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "loss of nuclear expression".
   4. having at least 1 measurement of 'Mlh1 immunostains', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "loss of nuclear expression".
   5. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite instability LOINC', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "msi-h".
   6. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite Instable-high OMOP GENOMIC', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date.
   7. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite measurement - NAACAR', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "msi unstable high (msi-h)|and/or|mmr-d (loss of nuclear expression of one or more mmr proteins, mmr protein deficient)", "msi unstable high; positive, high" or "msi unstable high; positive, high".
   8. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Microsatellite instability-high colorectal cancer', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date.

   9. with any of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 measurement of 'Mlh1 immunostains', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "intact nuclear expression".
      2. having at least 1 measurement of 'MSH2 immunostains', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "intact nuclear expression".
      3. having at least 1 measurement of 'MSH6 immunostains', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "intact nuclear expression".
      4. having at least 1 measurement of 'PMS2 immunostains', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "intact nuclear expression".
      5. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite instability LOINC', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "stable", "intermediate" or "msi-l".
      6. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite measurement - NAACAR', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date; with value as concept: "microsatellite instability (msi) stable; microsatellite stable (mss); negative, nos|and/or|mismatch repair (mmr) intact, no loss of nuclear expression of mmr proteins", "msi unstable low (msi-l)", "msi unstable low; positive, low", "msi unstable low; positive, low", "msi unstable, nos; positive, nos" or "msi unstable, nos; positive, nos".
      7. having at least 1 measurement of 'Microsatellite Instable-Low OMOP GENOMIC', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date.
      8. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Intact mismatch protein repair function identified in malignant tumor', starting between 7 days before and 90 days after '[HowOften] Primary adenocarcinoma of rectum' start date.


Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. No exposure to medical oncological treatment for colorectal cancer

Entry events with at most 0 of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 drug exposure of '[HowOften] Drug used in colorectal cancer', starting  180 days before cohort entry start date.


#### 2. No exposure to radiation oncological treatment for colorectal cancer

Entry events with at most 0 of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[HowOften] Radiation therapy', starting  180 days before cohort entry start date.


#### 3. No potential curative rectal resection

Entry events with at most 0 of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 procedure occurrence of '[HowOften] Potential curative rectal resections for rectal cancer', starting  180 days before cohort entry start date.


### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


