### Cohort Entry Events

People enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrences of 'Alzheimer Disease '.

2. drug exposures of 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug'; with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Alzheimer Disease ', starting between 1 days after and 365 days after 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.

   2. with all of the following criteria:

      1. having no condition occurrences of 'dementia not including unspecified dementia ', starting anytime up to 7 days after 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.
      2. having no condition occurrences of 'Other specific dementia diagnosis (e.g., VD, Pick’s disease, or Lewy body dementia [LBD])', starting anytime up to 7 days after 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.
      3. having no condition occurrences of 'Parkinson's Disease', starting between 365 days before and 7 days after 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.
      4. having no condition occurrences of 'Stroke (ischemic or hemorrhagic)', starting between 365 days before and 7 days after 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.
      5. having no drug exposures of '[Phenotype Phebruary] Parkinson drugs', starting between 365 days before and 7 days after 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.

   3. with all of the following criteria:

      1. having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'unspecified dementia ', starting between 365 days before and 7 days after 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.
      2. having no condition occurrences of 'dementia not including unspecified dementia or dementia with behavioral disturbance  ', starting anytime up to 7 days after 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.
      3. having no condition occurrences of 'Other specific dementia diagnosis (e.g., VD, Pick’s disease, or Lewy body dementia [LBD])', starting anytime up to 7 days after 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.
      4. having no condition occurrences of 'Stroke (ischemic or hemorrhagic)', starting anytime on or before 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.
      5. having no condition occurrences of 'Parkinson's Disease', starting anytime up to 7 days after 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.
      6. having no drug exposures of '[Phenotype Phebruary] Parkinson drugs', starting between 365 days before and 7 days after 'Prescription for an Alzheimers disease drug' start date.


Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


