### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. procedure occurrences of 'Cerebrovascular Surgery'.

2. procedure occurrences of 'Peripheral Vascular - Lower limb arterial bypass'.

3. procedure occurrences of 'SB Colon and Rectal '.

4. procedure occurrences of 'Celiac Artery Revascularization'.

5. procedure occurrences of 'Superior Mesenteric Artery Revascularization'.

6. procedure occurrences of 'Thoracic Vascular Surgery'.

7. procedure occurrences of 'Iliac-Femoral Bypass'.

8. procedure occurrences of 'Complex Visceral Resection 1 - Liver'.

9. procedure occurrences of 'Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair'.

10. procedure occurrences of 'Head and neck resection'.

11. procedure occurrences of 'Cytoreductive surgery'.

12. procedure occurrences of 'Thoracic resection'.

13. procedure occurrences of 'Stomach Surgery'.

14. procedure occurrences of 'Complex Visceral Resection 3 - Pancreas / biliary'.

15. procedure occurrences of 'Complex Visceral Resection 2 - Oesophagus'.

16. procedure occurrences of 'Renal Artery Revascularization'.

17. procedure occurrences of 'Lymph node dissection (includes surgeries that are radical tissue removal)'.

18. procedure occurrences of 'Pneumonectomy'.

19. procedure occurrences of 'Major Hip or Pelvic Surgery'.

20. procedure occurrences of 'Internal Fixation of Femur'.

21. procedure occurrences of 'Below Knee Amputation'.

22. procedure occurrences of 'Above Knee Amputation'.

23. procedure occurrences of 'Radical hysterectomy'.

24. procedure occurrences of 'Hysterectomy & Oopherectomy'.

25. procedure occurrences of 'Radical prostatectomy'.

26. procedure occurrences of 'Transurethral prostatectomy'.

27. procedure occurrences of 'Knee arthroplasty'.

28. procedure occurrences of 'Lobectomy'.

29. procedure occurrences of 'Appendectomy'.

30. procedure occurrences of 'Splenectomy'.

31. procedure occurrences of 'Adrenalectomy'.

32. procedure occurrences of 'Craniotomy'.

33. procedure occurrences of 'Cholecystectomy'.

34. procedure occurrences of 'Breast reconstruction'.

35. procedure occurrences of 'Ureteric Kidney and Bladder Surgery'.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

### Inclusion Criteria

#### 1. Age above 18 years

Entry events with the following event criteria: who are &gt;= 18 years old.

#### 2. Inpatient visit on day of surgery without ER visit immediately on or prior

Entry events having at least 1 visit occurrence of 'Inpatient visit', starting between 1 days before and 0 days before cohort entry start date and ending  1 days after cohort entry start date; having no visit occurrences of 'Emergency or ER / Inpatient', starting between 2 days before and 0 days after 'Inpatient visit' start date.

#### 3. Atrial fibrillation (any) within 14d of surgery

Entry events having at least 1 condition occurrence of 'Atrial Fibrillation (any)', starting between 0 days after and 14 days after cohort entry start date.

#### 4. No prior Atrial fibrillation

Entry events having no condition occurrences of 'Atrial Fibrillation (any)', starting anytime prior to cohort entry start date.

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


