### Cohort Entry Events

People may enter the cohort when observing any of the following:

1. condition occurrence of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms excluding non-melanoma skin cancer' for the first time in the person's history.

Limit cohort entry events to the earliest event per person.

Restrict entry events to with any of the following criteria:

   1. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of breast', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   2. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of prostate', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   3. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of lung', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   4. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of multiple myeloma', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   5. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of colon and rectum', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   6. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of bladder', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   7. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of lymphoma', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   8. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of ovary', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   9. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of thyroid', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   10. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of kidney', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   11. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of leukemia', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   12. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of brain', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   13. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of pancreas', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   14. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of liver', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   15. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant neoplasms of uterus', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   16. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Malignant melanoma', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
   17. having at least 2 condition occurrences of '[LEGEND HTN] Myelodysplastic syndrome', starting between 0 days before and all days after cohort entry start date.
  

### Cohort Exit

The person exits the cohort at the end of continuous observation.

### Cohort Eras

Remaining events will be combined into cohort eras if they are within 0 days of each other.


